This is a story about Markus. Markus was a very smart person. On Mondays he manages to wake up before 2 pm, and on Friday's he sleeps before midnight. 
But this is about his marvelous sleep schedule, this is about how Markus became the first person ever to create a special fruit hybrid: the banapple. 
Markus did this almost by accident, in fact he wasnt even working with fruit. Markus was busy working on his particle accelerator (the kind that we all have in our own homes of course) and he had been getting decidedly sloppy with his safety measures. 
So one day, when he was eating lunch (a lunch which contained both an apple and a banana) he let them accidentally fall into the particle accelerator. 
And you may think that is the end of this story, but no, what followed next was even more out of this world.

The particle accelerator burst out a magnificent spew white light. Markus couldn't believe his eyes. After that bright blow how could he? But there is was. 
The banapple. With the brilliant light from the particle accelerator came a loud boom. A geo seismic research lab picked up the blow nearly 100 miles away. 
Markus realized the power of the banapple and knew many would be after him for this delicious hybrid. He quickly snatched it and hopped in his 1966 Oldsmobile Cutlass. Neon Orange of course. 
His gleaming face rushing down I-10 with a banapple. Everything was great for Markus. Until he checked the rearview mirror...

Behind him lied an unholy abomination. One equally as horrendous as the banapple was beautiful. It was the appnana. Just as all the wondeful parts of the apple and 
banana collided in that explosion, so too did all their worst parts. The mush of Banana. The core of Apple. The sight alone would make anyone suicidal. Markus looked back at 
his lap, then back to the abomination. He knew it was following him, and he knew why. With a tear in his eye, Markus chucked the banapple towards the appnana and hit the gas 
so hard, the engine began to choke from the agression. Just as he lost sight of the two hybris fruits, one last explosion went off behind him. The beauty of the banapple 
was lost, but so too was the horrific appnana. 
